well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so tonight we're going to talk about my
political endorsements
had somebody on twitter ask me and
they're like i don't think i've ever
seen you endorse a politician
it's because i don't and they asked
whether or not it was because of my
world view
or there was some wider reason that i
didn't and the answer is both my world
view certainly plays into it
but beyond that i think endorsing
politicians is dangerous
i think it's dangerous because what
you're really saying is that you endorse
the person and
that's how cults of personality are
created and those are dangerous
because once you start supporting trump
you'll follow wherever he takes you
you will and we we got to see it in
action last week
as things developed and his stance on
things seem to
change people followed and supported it
no matter what he did
his supporters would just yeah okay
when the iraqi parliament asked us to
leave
iraq his his supporters
those within his cult of personality
were out there like
yeah you see he promised to get us out
of iraq and he did it
and then when he said that we were going
to stay
without skipping a beat they're like see
we need to stay
he's defending america because they
support the person
and not any individual policy and that's
dangerous
that's dangerous because once that
happens they can lead you anywhere
they can take you anywhere ideas
stand and fall on their own
doesn't matter who brings it to you
doesn't matter if it's somebody with an
ivy league degree
or a high school dropout if the idea is
valid it's valid
it doesn't matter where it comes from
you can't discount an idea because of
its source
and you can't support one because of its
source either
and once they trick you into saying well
i support this candidate you try to
defend their policies
even if you don't support it i've seen
it happen over and over again
i know a whole bunch of people who are
very pro-immigration
and they supported obama they believed
in hope and change
and when his immigration policy was not
what we thought it would be
they continue to support it well he has
to
for political reasons doesn't matter
it's not really your principle
it's not what you believe in now
somewhere out there there may be
somebody who completely supports
everything that bernie sanders stands
for
in that case yeah you can say i support
bernie sanders i am co-signing
his platform completely but if you can't
co-sign the whole platform
you can't co-sign all of his policies
and all of his actions
you don't really support sanders you
support
most of his ideas most of his policies
and this is true for andrew yang or
elizabeth warren or anybody else
we've had enough of cults of personality
running this country
and those cults are dangerous no matter
no matter what form they take somebody
sent me a link to a question on quora
about me which i found funny but one of
you wrote a response
that basically said it included
something along the lines of
fact checking and arguing with me is
greatly encouraged vigorously encouraged
something of that effect
and i loved that that was in there
because i do
i can't be right about anything about
everything i can't
nobody can somebody out there
certainly knows more about something
than i do that's a fact
i won't be right about everything and
when somebody brings something up you
can look to the last video
and this was just about the way it
phrased something
but they were right they were very right
and it gave the wrong impression
i don't argue with it because the idea
is what's important
not who brought it i pinned the comment
it needs to be seen because they're
right i shouldn't have phrased it that
way
um
ideas are what's important policies are
what's important
not politicians you'll never see me
endorse a politician
i may endorse policies i may generally
like
some but
at the end of the day we've had enough
of being ruled
we've had enough supporting people who
are going to make decisions for us
my political endorsement for 2020
you and me it's time to lead ourselves
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day